Approaches for reverse-string (#657)
exercism/bash: exercises/practice/reverse-string/.approaches/introduction.md

# Introduction

To reverse a string in bash, there are two basic approaches.

## Approach: External tools

The most straightforward approach is to call out the `rev` utility.

```bash
reversed=$( echo "$string" | rev )
# or
reversed=$( rev <<< "$string" )
```

For more details, see the [External tools approach][app-external].

## Approach: Loop over the string indices

To reverse a string with just bash, loop over the indices, extract the character at that index, and add it to the accumulating result string.

```bash
# forwards
reversed=''
for ((i = 0; i < ${#string}; i++)); do
    reversed="${string:i:1}$reversed"
done

# or backwards
reversed=''
for ((i = ${#string} - 1; i >= 0; i--)); do
    reversed+="${string:i:1}"
done
```

For more details, go to the [Looping approach][app-loop].

## Which approach to use?

Calling out to `rev` makes this exercise extremely trivial.

> In a work environment, it's exactly the approach to take.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a production environment, it's exactly the right approach to take.
```
